the last super stamp was played here
please don't tell me it was a classic
a classic exactly 80 thousand people
standing a few seconds from the end the
quaterback throws a desperate ball
peace
166 and online again 60 years ago
earth was attacked we won the
war but they destroyed half the planet
they have all been evacuated
there is nothing left of a line we are here
to repair the grocer a team of
scavengers
carter wins
I'm ready
two more weeks jack we could then
leave and reach others not
take risks
I've been watching you gen you're curious thing
look for those books that awaken
old memories don't ask too many questions
are the money no the mission of ordering of
back to the tower they had survived
what you did I can't protect you
they won't stop if they don't find me
if you are looking for the truth
propeller from the find you must know what it is
success
what is it you don't tell me is you
the mission was not to return
It is the only way